Add another example for next() in functions (#3129)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/platform/functions.md

export const onRequest = errorHandler;
```

> Another usecase for `next` function is passing the request cycle from the current middleware function to the next function in the stack if the current function does not end the request-response cycle. Using the next()function will pass control to the next middleware function, depending on the order of execution. For example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another use case for the `next` function is passing the request cycle from the current middleware function to the next function in the stack if the current function does not end the request-response cycle. Using the `next()` function will pass control to the next middleware function, depending on the order of execution. For example: 
```

> Another use case for the `next` function is passing the request cycle from the current middleware function to the next function in the stack if the current function does not end the request-response cycle. Using the `next()` function will pass control to the next middleware function, depending on the order of execution. For example: 

Reviewer 2: These two sentences say effectively the same thing. Of the two, the first has a little more info

Author: I was trying to say, in the second sentence, that "If next is called after a function, the function would run before passing over to the next handler" Should I reword it to say just that?

Reviewer 2: on second look, i think this is fine :) ignore me

```js

> export const onRequest = [
>    async ({request,next})=> {
>         try{
>             const response = await next() // This function calls the next middleware in stack which returns "Hello from next base middleware"
>             const responseText = await response.text()
>             return new Response(responseText + " from middleware", null, 2)
>         } catch(thrown){
>             return new Response(`Error ${thrown}`, {
>                 status: 500,
>                 statusText: "Internal Server Error"
>             })
>         }
> 
>     },
>  ({request,next})=>{
>      return new Response("Hello from next base middleware");
>  }
> ];
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Attach multiple handlers
export const onRequest = [
  async ({ request,next }) => {
    try {
      // Call the next handler in the stack
      const response = await next()
      const responseText = await response.text()
      //~> "Hello from next base middleware"
      return new Response(responseText + " from middleware")
    } catch (thrown) {
      return new Response(`Error ${thrown}`, {
        status: 500,
        statusText: "Internal Server Error"
      })
    }
  },
  ({request,next })=>{
    return new Response("Hello from next base middleware");
  }
];
```
